docs: add description for custom extensions added by parser (#295)
asyncapi/parser-js: README.md

For more information about the `ParserError` class, [check out the documentation](./API.md#new_ParserError_new).

## Custom Extensions

Parser uses custom extensions (started by `x-parser`) to define the missed/additional information about the spec or some part of spec. Following custom extensions are used :
- `x-parser-spec-parsed` is used for describing the state of spec, i.e. if it has been already parsed or not. `x-parser-spec-parsed: true` extension is added to the root of parsed spec.
- `x-parser-message-parsed` is used for describing the status of message in AsyncApi document. `x-parser-message-parsed: true` is added for the already parsed message.
- `x-parser-message-name` property is used for defining the original name of the message in the AsyncApi document.
- `x-parser-schema-id` property defines the schema of the AsyncApi document through a unique id.

> - `x-parser-original-traits` property defines the original traits of the message in AsyncApi document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `x-parser-original-traits` is where traits are stored after they are applied on the AsyncAPI document. The reason is because the original `traits` property is removed.
```

> - `x-parser-original-schema-format` property is added to schema for defining the original schema format of the AsyncApi document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `x-parser-original-schema-format` holds information about the original schema format of the payload. You can use different schema formats with the AsyncAPI documents and the parser converts them to AsyncAPI schema. This is why different schema format is set, and the original one is preserved in the extension.
```

> - `x-parser-original-payload` property is added to schema for defining the original payload of the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `x-parser-original-payload` holds the original payload of the message. You can use different formats for payloads with the AsyncAPI documents and the parser converts them to. For example, it converts payload described with Avro schema to AsyncAPI schema. The original payload is preserved in the extension.
```
